=head1 NAME

badcat - Simple & Stupid Input Lock

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<systemctl start badcat.service>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<badcat> is a simple tool that locks/unlocks all input on a Linux system
upon a press of I<Scroll Lock> key. No more and no less.

It interacts directly with input event devices and thus is independent of
version or presence of a desktop environment. Hotplug of input devices is
supported.

It is not a security tool and does not replace a screen lock to guard
against a malicious attacker. When, however, the attacker is less
sophisticated (and quite possibly feline), it serves as a lightweight
alternative that does not require disabling screen output.

=head1 BUGS

It's not possible to filter the devices in any way. A variable in udev that
would blacklist a device would be nice.

The magic key is hardcoded to I<Scroll Lock>. A configurable key
combination or a password might be useful when the intruder is a specimen
of I<Homo> species with sophistication reaching higher levels at older age.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item * Lubomir Rintel <L<lkundrak@v3.sk>>

=back

Nobody else. Just me, alone, and sad. Send help.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

The source code repository can be obtained from
L<https://github.com/lkundrak/badcat>. Bug fixes and feature
ehancements licensed under same conditions as badcat are welcome
via GIT pull requests.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<cat(1)>.
